[REF] Inventory and MRP: Update TOC tree (#5591)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/barcode.rst

:nosearch:
:show-content:
:hide-page-toc:
:show-toc:

=======
Barcode
=======

> **Odoo Barcode** allows users to assign barcodes to individual products and product categories, and
> track inventory movements using those barcodes. By connecting a barcode scanner, certain inventory
> processes can be triggered by scanning barcodes.

Reviewer: This is great, and nothing about this is wrong; I just see the barcode app from a different angle. Feel free to reject/modify my description of the barcode app!

 ```suggestion
**Odoo Barcode** allows users to streamline warehouse receiving, picking, delivering, and performing
inventory adjustments on products and product categories. Reduce errors and log warehouse operations
with a single scan. Use with **Odoo Inventory** to assign barcodes to individual products and
product categories, and track inventory movements across the supply chain.
```
